OVERVIEW ---- MIT Imobilare is an ASA-recognized student group that promotes the elements of hip hop - Djing, MCing, graffiti, and breakdancing. Imobilare provides regular breakdance practices at MIT and the group performs at many MIT events, including Family Weekend and CPW, and has opened for such acts as hip hop artist Lupe Fiasco. In addition, we throw annual jams at MIT, in which we invite other colleges as well as the local dancing community to participate in dance competitions. Our goal is to spread the hip hop culture and educate the public about real hip hop. Real hip hop is not about violence, money, and drugs. Its about creativity, originality, and positivism. Our breakdancing practices also provide a nurturing environment for the physical and mental well-being of their participants. 

CAPITAL ---- We would also like to purchase a sheet of linoleum, approximately 15x15 square feet in size to practice on. Some of the surfaces that we practice on are not conducive to safely performing certain moves such as windmills or headspins. The linoleum will make practicing safer for our members.  In addition, having linoleum will allow us to practice outside on pavement, which is impossible otherwise.  This will let us hold practices where more students passing by can join in, watch us dance, and even learn how to breakdance if they would like.  These open practices would be great for publicity, both for MIT and Imobilare, and would be great fun for all involved.

OPERATIONS ---- To help raise money for our group through shirt sales as well as emblazon our team wear with the Imobilare logo, we would like to purchase screenprinting supplies. This would include two screenprinting frames, sizes 12" x 16" at $23 each, two 12" squeegees at $14 each, a Diazo Photoemulsion Kit at $22, and 6 different ink colors at $10 each for a total of $156. These upfront purchases would allow us to produce memorabilia on our own and sell them at our events to generate income and publicity. It will also allow us to produce Imobilare-branded memorabilia at a far lower price and in smaller quantities than if we were to order from a third party vendor. Our homemade apparel that was funded by Finboard two years ago has been quite a success and we need more ink to print our logo. 
We have also requested funding for spin caps, which are nylon-covered beanies that bboys and bgirls wear to protect their heads from potential injury.  These are standard equipment for bboys and bgirls, and many moves are difficult to impossible to practice without them.  We would like to purchase 4 spin caps at $10 each, with $10 in addition for shipping and handling. 

EVENTS ---- We would also like to hire a Boston area DJ to spin music at one of our practices in the fall. This would be a special event open to the community but would be mainly for our regular members to dance to some really great music. Last year at a similar event we hired DJames for $200. If we are unable to secure him for the event, we will hire a DJ of similar stature.

PROMOTION & PUBLICITY ---- This past IAP we offered free breakdancing lessons open to members of the MIT community. These classes were a huge success and we had more than 30 participants. We will be holding these lessons again in this upcoming IAP. We are requesting $50 to cover the cost of 50 11”x17” color flyers from Copytech to advertise for our IAP breakdancing lessons. These would prominently feature the UA logo. We would put these up at the end of the fall semester to raise awareness for the lessons and encourage people to sign up in advance.

INCOME & SELF-SUFFICIENCY ---- We intend to print and sell t-shirts and possibly other clothing items featuring the Imobilare logo. We anticipate raising about $100 from these sales. This money in addition to the money we raised at our spring jam will be saved and used to help fund our 12th anniversary breakdance jam in Spring 2010. 
