Council for the Arts funding request 2003

Project Description:
Imobilare's stated mission is "the preservation of urban culture in
it's purest form, and its expression through music, dance, poetry, and
art."  In keeping with that mission, we propose to host an event that
will showcase the uniquely creative forms of expression that define the
often overlooked, seldom understood, cultural movement known as "hip-
hop".  Most accurately described as a union of the four "elements"
mentioned above (alternately specified as DJing, Breakdancing, MCing,
and Graffiti), over the years, the term "hip-hop" has grown to
encompass an ever-expanding range of ideas, philosophies, music,
speech, styles of dress, etc.  In the present day, it has become almost
synonymous with pop culture.  Somewhere along the line, though, the
basic understanding of hip-hop's true foundations has gotten lost amid
the hype.  We see our event as a way to help remedy that situation,
while simultaneously bringing people together and having a good time.

Specifically, we propose to host a breakdancing exhibition in which the
dancers of MIT's Imobilare will "battle" against the dance teams of
other area schools. Last year "crews" from Princeton, Cornell, Tufts, 
Harvard, and Boston University attended. In addition, freestyle rappers 
will be featured in a separate battle and both events will be set 
to the music of our turntablists (who'll showcase turntablism by blending 
and juggling beats in their own artistic endeavor). To be held during 
Campus Preview Weekend, our event presents a perfect opportunity to help 
dispel the myths that paint MIT as simply a "tech" school, devoid of all 
culture and diversity.  Our group is composed of a spectrum of backgrounds, 
races, and religions...brought together by a common interest in hip-hop. 
And as such, all students and prefrosh are invited to attend. Whether or 
not the visiting prefrosh ultimately choose to attend MIT, they'll return 
home with a broader perspective on life at the Institute. With the support 
of the Council for the Arts, we put on this event last year and it was an 
amazing success. There were many students who could not gain admittance 
because the venue was too small. This year we have reserved the Rockwell 
Cage so that more students can attend, as a result our costs have increased slightly.

Involvement:

To be held in a centralized location (Rockwell Cage...reservation
confirmed) and open to the entire MIT community, our event would be a
celebration of the depth and breadth of urban culture and its continued
existence on campus.  Many perceive hip-hop as a shallow, often
negative, pop-culture phenomenon, destined to disappear.  While we
entertain, we hope to remove those misconceptions through demonstration
of the positive aspects of hip-hop on which the culture is based.  We
see this as an opportunity to share something we're truly proud of and,
hopefully, to spark an interest in those who might otherwise never have
known such things existed.

Total Budget 


Rockwell Cage
200

Campus Police
360

Cleanup/setup
200

Advertising
150

Uniforms/equipment (Council for the Arts)
500

Camera
700

Sound equipment rental (500 from Council for the Arts)
600



