Student Group:   Imobilare

Finboard Appeals Budget Defense


     Imobilare is a group devoted to the promotion and preservation of hip-hop culture.  Also referred to as "the hip-hop club", Imobilare is centered around an appreciation for the 4 main elements of hip-hop:  DJ'ing, freestyling, graffiti, and breakdancing.  We have bi-weekly meetings where you can see a diverse sampling of the MIT community coming together to celebrate a culture that has grown to become a very visible part of today's society.  Since Imobilare is still a young organization, our membership represents some elements more strongly than others.  In particular, breakdancing, due mostly to its visual appeal, has been the portion of the club that generates the most interest.  We do have DJs, freestylers, and graffiti artists, but the breakdancing portion of our club is unique because of the frequency with which it draws in new members.  This term, however, we're planning a large event that will showcase three of the four elements (breaking, DJing, and freestyling) in a major way.



1. DJing/Freestyling/Breakdancing Event -- On April 5th (CPW Weekend) we plan to throw a large event where turntablism (DJing), freestyling, and breakdancing will be featured.  This event will be free and open to the entire MIT community.  We already have Lobdell reserved for that night and have also submitted funding proposals to the Council for the Arts and Weekends@MIT.  We'll need to pay the campus police, provide refreshments, metal detector rental, sound equipment rental, etc.

2. & 3.  Dance surface and padding  -- in order to perform safely and effectively, breakdancers require a semi-slick padded surface.  It is also necessary that the surface be light and flexible so that we can move it from place to place as necessary.  Linoleum is the surface of choice and a layer of thin carpeting underneath would provide the required padding and stability.  These surfaces need to be replaced every few months due to the wear and tear that accumulates.

4.  Sound Equipment - Last term we began acquiring components for a sound system for use at the events we'll be throwing.  Specifically, we used some of our Finboard allocation to get a PA system.  We'd like to continue building this system by purchasing a microphone and a CD player (to provide input to the system we've been borrowing individuals' CD players up 'til now).

5.  Clothing Order - Last term we used a portion of our capital to subsidize members' purchases of sweatshirts and t-shirts featuring the Imobilare logos.  There was a lot of interest (so much so, that the amount we'd allocated as subsidy was stretched pretty thin) and we'd like to subsidize another order this term.


Thank you


